Policy on Cookies and Similar Technologies

 

PLEASE READ THIS POLICY ON COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE OR APP 

Last updated in December 2020

What are cookies?
Cookies are small files that contain letters and numbers which may be placed on your device when you visit a website or use an app. We use cookies to enhance your experience on our Platform by remembering your preferences. For instance, on many e-commerce websites, if you add an item to an online shopping cart without completing the checkout process, the next time you visit the same website, you can still see the same item in the shopping cart. This is an example of how cookies are used to remember your preferences. Without using cookies your experience on our Platform will be less user-friendly.

For more information about cookies, see www.allaboutcookies.org.    

Why do we use cookies?
Cookies perform various functions including making navigation easier and storing your preferences to show you relevant content and enhance your general user experience.

We use cookies:

To manage your preferences and to enhance certain features on our Platform. This may include collecting information about the date and time of your visit, your browsing history and your language preference.
To support our security measures and detect any fraudulent activities.
To analyse how our Platform is accessed or used and its performance. We use this information to maintain, operate and continually improve our services.
To deliver advertisements relevant to you. As cookies help us to regulate the advertisements you see and measure their effectiveness.
 

What kind of cookies and other technologies do we use?
Our Platform uses the following categories of cookies and technologies:

Persistent cookies – these cookies are stored in the browser of your device and are used whenever you visit our Platform. These cookies help us in remembering your settings and preference(s), in order to make your next visit more convenient. For instance, these cookies will ensure that you will not have to log in again. It will also remember the language preference of the users on their next visit.
Session cookies – these are temporary cookies that remain in the cookies archive of your browser until you leave our Platform. The information we receive using these cookies helps us to analyse web traffic patterns, enabling us to identify and troubleshoot problems and provide a better navigation experience.
Advertising cookies - these cookies help us in providing relevant ads to you, in measuring the performance of the advertisers’ campaign by analysing your interaction with the advertiser’s ads. For example, it helps us in determining the number of times users have clicked on advertiser’s ad and have visited the advertiser’s website.
 

In addition, we use web beacons which are small graphic images (also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs”) on our Platform. They are used together with cookies to identify our users and their behaviour.

Our Platform may contain links to third-party websites or applications, including those of our partners. Please note those third-party websites may also use cookies. We do not control those third-party websites and are not responsible for the cookies they set or access. If you click on one of these links or apps, please note that each one will have its own cookies policy. Therefore, please read the cookies policy of other Internet sites or apps before using them.

Do we have third-party cookies or plug-ins on our Platform?
Third-parties such as advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis may use cookies, web beacons, software development kits (SDKs) or similar technologies to collect information about your visit to our Platform. The information is used to provide you with more relevant advertising on our Platform or elsewhere on the Internet. We do not have control over the use of these third-party cookies, which are governed by those third parties’ privacy/cookies policies.

Below are the third parties whom we allow to set cookies or other technologies on your device.

Analytics Partners: In order to better understand how you use our platform, we work with various analytics partners. We allow analytics partners such as Google and Facebook analytics to use cookies, SDKs and other related technologies. For more information on how Google and Facebook use your data, please visit   https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/partner-sites/, https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update.

Advertising partners: Our Advertising partners such as DoubleClick, Criteo, RTB House, Index Exchange, OpenX etc. may use targeting and advertising cookies to serve ads they believe are most likely to be of interest to you and to measure the effectiveness of such ads on our Platform.

Third Party Plug-ins:

Our Platform also uses plug-ins of third parties in the form of share button for Facebook, Twitter and Whatsapp. With the help of this share button, you can share our ad listings on the third parties’ platform provided that you are logged into these third parties. These third parties may be able to link your interaction with our platform to your account with them. Therefore, please read these third-party privacy policies before clicking on the share button.

What can you do to delete, disable or block cookies?
Your browser will usually provide information on how to refuse, delete or block cookies. The following links will take you to that information on some of the commonly used browsers:

Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Safari
Opera
You may opt out of third-party cookies from Google Analytics through its ads settings or through https://adssettings.google.com

You may opt out of interest-based targeting cookies set by participating ad servers through the following websites powered by the Digital Advertising Alliance:

http://youradchoices.com
http://www.youronlinechoices.com
http://optout.aboutads.info
In addition, you can change your mobile device settings to control whether you see interest-based advertisements.

Please note: If you choose to block the cookies we set on our Platform, you may not be able to access all or part of our services, for example, you may not be able to save customized settings such as login information.

Contact details
For additional information or to exercise your rights, please reach out to us through our Help Centre.
